[Music]
ten couple sleeping positions and their
real meanings even in the happiest
couples a lot of things are often left
unsaid
such as stop hogging the blankets
however when we fall asleep
our subconscious wakes up and spills all
the beans keep watching to find out what
you and your partner sleeping position
reveals about your relationship and be
sure to hit that subscribe button and
ring the notification bell to join us on
the bright side number one spooning a
study conducted by relationship
psychologist Corinne sweet showed that
18 percent of couples pick this classic
sleeping position and it's a good sign
since spooning indicates intimacy and
deep understanding between partners this
position also shows your roles in the
relationship if you're the big spoon
you're protective of your partner and
can even be a bit possessive at times if
you're the little spoon you trust your
partner and feel secure by their side
paradoxically if your bond becomes
stronger over time this sleeping
position usually turns into a looser
spoon with a bit of space between you it
means that you understand each other way
more now and don't feel the need to
constantly touch one another to know
your love number to head on the chest
often called nuzzling this sleeping
position is certainly one of the most
powerful indicators of a happy couple
according to Patti wood a body language
expert and the author of success signals
a guide to reading body language the
partner who puts their head on the
others chest shows their dependence well
the one who sleeps on their back
demonstrates their power and desire to
protect their other half all in all the
head on the chest position is a sign of
deep tribe
and confidence in your beloved number
three back to back sleeping back to back
can have completely different meanings
depending on the space between you two
if your backs are touching it shows that
you're an established couple that values
their space but manages to keep that
connection with one another you're okay
doing things separately and you enjoy
your special romantic bond however if
there's a wide space between your bodies
it may be a red flag that something's
wrong in the relationship this is
especially true if you were cuddly
sleepers before and then it suddenly
changed of course your partner might
just need more space while sleeping you
know but if it continues to bother you
just talk to them after all
communication is the most important part
of any relationship number four face to
face sleeping with your faces and bodies
turn toward each other is a position
that signifies emotional connection if
you and your partner are touching during
face-to-face sleeping it means that you
want the same things and understand each
other perfectly your relationship is
effortless and harmonious so you
certainly don't have to worry about any
emotional imbalance unfortunately the
same thing can't be said about couples
who face each other while sleeping but
don't touch
according to Corinne sweet all this
space between you shows that you both
crave more intimacy and close
communication in the relationship but
you're not getting it if this sounds
like you then just talk it through and
listen to each other with a little
effort from both sides you can close
that gap for sure
number five sleeping on your stomach's
if both you and your partner are big
fans of sleeping on your stomach this
could be a sign of a little trouble in
your personal paradise petty would
describes this unusual couple sleeping
position as an indicator of possible
anxiety vulnerability and even lack of
sexual trust think about it in this
position you have no connection intimacy
or closeness whatsoever if this is your
partner's go-to position but not yours
try cuddling up to them next time so
they feel more protected nonverbal
signals are just as important as spoken
ones so make sure they feel loved and
appreciated in this union number six
hand touching sleeping at a certain
distance while still holding hands or
staying connected through any other
minimal touch shows that both of you are
confident in the relationship you don't
need any over-the-top gestures to know
that your partner is head over heels in
love with you
Hillary Thompson a wellness consultant
with Sleep Train says that minimal touch
is just a little reminder of your
presence and the affection you give to
each other so you can sigh with relief
your subconscious confirms that your
relationship is on top of its game
[Music]
number seven leg hugging intertwining
your legs together while sleeping is
another great sign for your relationship
even if you don't really sleep that
close to one another this leg hugging
shows your bond with your partner and
your desire for deeper emotional and
physical connection Patti would also
says that couples who sleep like this
function as a unit take care of one
another
and think alike though if leg hugging
rarely happens naturally and it's often
either you or your partner who initiates
it it signifies that one of you is more
involved in the relationship while the
other partner feels a bit distant you
may want to talk about it and find out
what's bugging your significant other
[Music]
number eight tangling now tangling is a
popular sleeping position among couples
who just started dating this is that
stage of any new relationship where you
just can't get enough of each other and
that's not exactly what this position
signifies but believe it or not sleeping
with your arms and legs tangled up
throughout your whole relationship isn't
a good sign at least according to
psychotherapist Elizabeth Flynn Campbell
on the contrary it shows that you're too
dependent on each other but if you're
one of those couples who start with
tangling and then naturally move apart
then Congrats it's a perfect balance
between romantic connection and
independence which is always a sign of a
healthy couple number nine one of the
partners dominates the bet if you or
your partner prefer a starfish position
and take up a whole lot of space while
sleeping it's really not a good song it
basically indicates a selfish person who
wants to be in charge at all times
another important factor is whether your
heads are at the same level the partner
whose head is closer to the headboard is
usually the one who's in control the
partner whose head is lower may struggle
with a lack of self-esteem but if you
feel like this describes your
relationship dynamic pretty well and it
bothers you again just open up a
dialogue but if you're the one who
dominates the bet then take a second and
think about how your other half must
feel while being pushed to the other
side of the mattress every night maybe
it's time to give other sleeping
positions a try hmm your partner will
certainly appreciate the effort
number ten sleeping in separate beds the
reasons behind a couple sleeping in
different beds can vary from comfort
issues and snoring to really serious
problems in the relationship if you two
just prefer to sleep separately but
other than that your relationship is
totally fine you may be missing a lot
more than you think hillary thompson
confirms this - saying that such couples
miss out on the strong subconscious
bonding that's sleeping together with
your partner can give you this slowly
leads to additional distance and
separation in your conscious
relationship however if your significant
other was always in for sleeping
together and then suddenly decided to go
solo this is a major red flag that you
should never ignore it basically means
that it's time to have an honest
conversation about your relationship
don't judge or get mad just listen to
what your partner has to say only
complete honesty can help you find the
crack in your relationship so that you
can fix it together now one thing we
didn't cover here is when you have a
threesome yeah you your partner and the
dog or cat who shares the bed with you
did I say share I meant hogs the bed
what do you do then well that's an idea
for a future video you think anyway to
wrap this one up did any of these
descriptions match with your Couple
dynamic
tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe always stay on the bright side
of life
[Music]